[ci skip] Update README (#4023)
EBWiki/EBWiki: README.md

More information on how to use RSpec, shoulda-matchers, and FactoryBot can be found at the links above.

We also use [Rubocop](https://github.com/bbatsov/rubocop) as part of our continous integration process in Github Actions.  To run Rubocop locally, enter

```
rubocop
```

### Continuous Integration (CI)

> EBWiki uses Github Actions for continuous integration (CI).  Each time a ull request (PR) is opened or updated, our actions workflow will automatically perform four checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each time a pull request (PR) is opened or updated
```

Reviewer: I just wanted to fix the "ull" typo.
